Explain how to calculate reserve requirements (#1439)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: content/concepts/payment-system-basics/accounts/reserves.md

To have an account, an address must hold a minimum amount of XRP in the shared global ledger. You cannot send this XRP to other addresses. To fund a new address, you must send that address enough XRP to meet the reserve requirement.

The reserve requirement changes from time to time due to the [Fee Voting](fee-voting.html) process, where validators can agree to new reserve settings. On [Mainnet](parallel-networks.html), the current minimum reserve requirement is **10 XRP**. (This is the cost of an address that owns no other objects in the ledger.) Each new [account](accounts.html) must set aside this much XRP. Some of this XRP can be recovered by [deleting the account](accounts.html#deletion-of-accounts).

To determine the current minimum reserve requirement, use the [`server_info` command](server_info.html) and take `validated_ledger.reserve_base_xrp`.

## Base Reserve and Owner Reserve

> The reserve requirement is has two parts:

Reviewer: > is divided into 

has become

> is has

Author: good catch 👍

#1441

* The **Base Reserve** is a minimum amount of XRP that is required for each address in the ledger.

> * The **Owner Reserve** is an increase to the reserve requirement for each object that the address owns in the ledger.

Reviewer 2: I'm not a fan of moving the key numbers out of the bullet points. I think putting them into the paragraphs in their respective sections makes them easier to miss.

Author: For developers, they should not be considered key numbers, since they can change (and have changed multiple times already).

### Owner Reserves

Many objects in the ledger are owned by a particular address, and count toward the reserve requirement of that address. Each object increases the reserve requirement by the Owner Reserve. On Mainnet, this is currently 2 XRP (`2000000` [drops](xrp.html#xrp-properties)) per item.

When objects are removed from the ledger, they no longer count against their owner's reserve requirement.

> To retrieve the number of objects an account owns in the ledger, use the [`account_info` command](account_info.html) and take `account_data.OwnerCount`. `OwnerCount` is one of the fields of the [`AccountRoot` object](https://xrpl.org/accountroot.html). To determine the current Owner Reserve, use the [`server_info` command](server_info.html) and take `validated_ledger.reserve_inc_xrp`.
> 
> To determine an address's Owner Reserve requirement, multiply `OwnerCount` by `reserve_inc_xrp`. Adding the Base Reserve then yields the account's current reserve requirement. [Here is a demonstration](build-a-desktop-wallet-in-python.html#codeblock-17) of this calculation in Python.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To retrieve the number of objects an account owns in the ledger, use the [account_info method][] and take `account_data.OwnerCount`. `OwnerCount` is one of the fields of the [`AccountRoot` object](accountroot.html). To look up reserve settings, use the [server_info method][]: the `validated_ledger.reserve_inc_xrp` is the owner reserve and the `validated_ledger.reserve_base_xrp` is the base reserve, both in decimal XRP. To get the values in integer drops of XRP instead, use the [server_state method][].

To calculate an address's Owner Reserve requirement, multiply `OwnerCount` by `reserve_inc_xrp`, then add `reserve_base_xrp`. [Here is a demonstration](build-a-desktop-wallet-in-python.html#codeblock-17) of this calculation in Python.
```
